# Simon-Says-game-on-STM32
This is an implementation of the game Simon says in a STM32L151C – Discovery board with 4 buttons, a speaker, a potentiometer and four LEDS done for an electronic curse in my second year of a telematics engineering degree Until the USER button is pressed and the game start, you can press any of the four buttons and they will display its colour sound, the LED connected to said button will also light up. Once the USER button is pressed and the game starts, it will read the level of difficulty (how long the sequence will be) from the potentiometer, with level 1 being a 3 colours sequence, level 2 a 4 colours sequence, level 3 a 5 colours sequence and level 4 a 6 colours sequence. Then, it displays the level the player has chosen and the first item of the sequence for 0.5 seconds each. The player then presses the button they think is right and, if it is, the game goes on and the previous item plus one are displayed, each item for 0.5 seconds, if the player press the right sequence then the previous items plus one more are displayed and so on until the player gets one item wrong or the chosen sequence length is reach, in which case the word “WIN” along with a sound is displayed for 0.5 seconds. In the case the player presses a wrong button during the game, the word “WRONG” along with a sound is displayed. During any time of the game, the player can press again the USER button and a new game will begin, reading again the level from the potentiometer.   At first, I implemented the sounds without DAC, with a square signal, but later I changed them to a sine wave with DAC. I’ve also implemented a USART transmission that displays the number of games played, won, lost, and abandoned up to 99. In the above code, the code for sound without DAC has been commented, to implement it the pin PA5 would have to be changed from DAC_OUT2 to TIM2_CH1.  The program works smoothly, I haven’t detected any errors, delays, or anything of the sort so far.
